It was a Sunday afternoon. I was on my way to a local grocery shop to
replenish my groceries for the weekend. On the way there, I witnessed an 
accident. A car was speeding down the road while the traffic lights were
slowly turning red. In that split second, I looked on as I saw a few teenagers
who were talking to each other while crossing the street as they did not pay
attention to the speeding car. As expected, the car could not hit the brakes
in time and crashed into the group of teenagers and then into the sidewalks.

Fortunately, there were no serious casualties. However, the driver was so terrified 
that he forget to stop his car. After driving another serveral meters, he finally 
realized to hit the break, and car slowly came to a halt. With out thinking twice,
I walked up to those teenagers immediately, and check whether they were injured. 
Then, I also called an ambulance to sent them into a hospital. 

Since they were just teens, I followed the ambulance to the hospital, as I 
thought that they might need help. Teens were checked by the doctors at 
emergency room and I was asked if I had any relation to the teens. I told
the hospital staff about the accident and told them I'm here because they
had no other adult to accompany them. While I was waiting at the emergency 
room, police showed up. They questioned me about the accident, then proceeded
to question the teens. Police also called the teens' parents, and asked them
to come to the hospital.

Teen's parents are very worried about their children's situation, so they rushed to
the hospital as soon as possible. Fortunately, although teens are severely bruised,
they are not fatally injuried. They just need enough time and careful care to get 
back to health. Parents are relieved after hearing this good news, and then they
want to hold the perpetrators accountable. 

Therefore, they sued the driver and demanded him to pay for the hospital bills
and give the teenagers a proper apology. The driver felt bad because the accident
would not have happened if he had driven slower. He paid for the bills and 
apologised to them. However, as a bystander, I saw the big picture and the fact
that part of the reason the accident happened was because the teenagers 
did not pay attention to the road. 
